usr/bin/console						    python/console
usr/bin/hotkey-manager					    python/cream-hotkey-manager
usr/bin/screenhunter					    python/screenhunter
usr/lib/pyshared/python2.6/bjoern.so			    python/bjoern
usr/lib/pyshared/python2.6/javascriptcore.so		    python/pyjavascriptcore
usr/share/cream/org.cream.Console/configuration/scheme.xml  python/console
usr/share/cream/org.cream.Console/manifest.xml		    python/console
usr/share/cream/org.cream.HotkeyManager/manifest.xml	    python/cream-hotkey-manager
usr/share/cream/org.sbillaudelle.ScreenHunter/data/interface.ui python/screenhunter
usr/share/cream/org.sbillaudelle.ScreenHunter/manifest.xml  python/screenhunter
usr/share/doc/bjoern/TODO				    python/bjoern
usr/share/doc/bjoern/changelog.Debian.gz		    python/bjoern
usr/share/doc/bjoern/copyright				    python/bjoern
usr/share/doc/console/changelog.Debian.gz		    python/console
usr/share/doc/console/copyright				    python/console
usr/share/doc/cream-hotkey-manager/changelog.Debian.gz	    python/cream-hotkey-manager
usr/share/doc/cream-hotkey-manager/copyright		    python/cream-hotkey-manager
usr/share/doc/cream-libs/changelog.Debian.gz		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/doc/cream-libs/copyright			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/doc/gpyconf/TODO				    python/gpyconf
usr/share/doc/gpyconf/changelog.Debian.gz		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/doc/gpyconf/copyright				    python/gpyconf
usr/share/doc/ooxcb/changelog.Debian.gz			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/doc/ooxcb/copyright				    python/ooxcb
usr/share/doc/pyjavascriptcore/README			    python/pyjavascriptcore
usr/share/doc/pyjavascriptcore/changelog.Debian.gz	    python/pyjavascriptcore
usr/share/doc/pyjavascriptcore/copyright		    python/pyjavascriptcore
usr/share/doc/screenhunter/changelog.Debian.gz		    python/screenhunter
usr/share/doc/screenhunter/copyright			    python/screenhunter
usr/share/doc/xmlserialize/changelog.Debian.gz		    python/xmlserialize
usr/share/doc/xmlserialize/copyright			    python/xmlserialize
usr/share/pyshared/UNKNOWN-0.0.0.egg-info		    python/pyjavascriptcore
usr/share/pyshared/bjoern-1.1.egg-info			    python/bjoern
usr/share/pyshared/console-0.0.9.egg-info		    python/console
usr/share/pyshared/console/__init__.py			    python/console
usr/share/pyshared/cream/__init__.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/base.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/config/__init__.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/config/backend.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/config/fields.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/config/frontend.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/config/interface/profiles.ui	    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/extensions.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/features.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/gui/__init__.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/gui/builder.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/gui/dialogs.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/gui/svg.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/ipc/__init__.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/ipc/hacks.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/ipc/properties.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/ipc/tools.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/log.py				    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/manifest.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/path.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/__init__.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/console.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/dicts.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/events.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/procname.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/pywmctrl.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/string.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/subprocess.py		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/util/unique.py			    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/xdg/desktopentries/__init__.py	    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream/xdg/desktopentries/gtkmenu.py	    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/cream_hotkey_manager-0.0.5.egg-info	    python/cream-hotkey-manager
usr/share/pyshared/cream_libs-0.4.egg-info		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf-0.2beta.egg-info		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/__init__.py			    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/_internal/__init__.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/_internal/dicts.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/_internal/exceptions.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/_internal/logging.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/_internal/serializers.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/_internal/utils.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/__init__.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/_json.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/_xml/__init__.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/configparser.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/dummy.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/filebased.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/backends/python.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/contrib/gtk/__init__.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/events.py			    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/fields/__init__.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/fields/base.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/fields/fields.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/fields/mutable.py		    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/__init__.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/__init__.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/interface/dialog.ui python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/interface/group.ui python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/interface/option.ui python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/interface/section.ui python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/utils.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/frontends/gtk/widgets.py	    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/gpyconf.py			    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/gpyconf/mvc.py			    python/gpyconf
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb-1.1.egg-info/PKG-INFO		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb-1.1.egg-info/SOURCES.txt	    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb-1.1.egg-info/dependency_links.txt  python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb-1.1.egg-info/top_level.txt	    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/__init__.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/atoms.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/autotypes.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/conn.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/constant.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/cairo.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/cursors.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/ewmh.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/gdk.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/icccm.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/pil.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/contrib/sizehints.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/cookie.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/eventsys.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/exception.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/ext.py				    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/keysymdef.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/keysyms.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/libc.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/libxcb.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/list.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/memstream.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protobj.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/bigreq.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/composite.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/damage.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/render.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/screensaver.py	    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/shape.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/xfixes.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/xproto.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/protocol/xtest.py		    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/resource.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/types.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/ooxcb/util.py			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/pyshared/screenhunter-0.0.2.egg-info		    python/screenhunter
usr/share/pyshared/screenhunter/camera.py		    python/screenhunter
usr/share/pyshared/screenhunter/export.py		    python/screenhunter
usr/share/pyshared/screenhunter/overlay.py		    python/screenhunter
usr/share/pyshared/xmlserialize.py			    python/xmlserialize
usr/share/pyshared/xmlserialize.py-1.egg-info		    python/xmlserialize
usr/share/python-support/bjoern.public			    python/bjoern
usr/share/python-support/console.public			    python/console
usr/share/python-support/cream-hotkey-manager.public	    python/cream-hotkey-manager
usr/share/python-support/cream-libs.public		    python/cream-libs
usr/share/python-support/gpyconf.public			    python/gpyconf
usr/share/python-support/ooxcb.public			    python/ooxcb
usr/share/python-support/pyjavascriptcore.public	    python/pyjavascriptcore
usr/share/python-support/screenhunter.public		    python/screenhunter
usr/share/python-support/xmlserialize.public		    python/xmlserialize
